Command: Effect:
-------- --------
ASSOC    Displays or modifies file extension associations.
BREAK    Sets or clears extended CTRL+C checking.
CALL     Calls one batch program from another.
CD       Displays the name of or changes the current directory.
CHDIR    Displays the name of or changes the current directory.
CLS      Clears the screen.
COLOR    Sets the default console foreground and background colors.
COPY     Copies one or more files to another location.
DATE     Displays or sets the date.
DEL      Deletes one or more files.
DIR      Displays a list of files and subdirectories in a directory.
ECHO     Displays messages, or turns command echoing on or off.
ENDLOCAL Ends localization of environment changes in a batch file.
ERASE    Deletes one or more files.
EXIT     Quits the CMD.EXE program (command interpreter).
FOR      Runs a specified command for each file in a set of files.
FTYPE    Displays or modifies file types used in file extension
GOTO     Directs the Windows command interpreter to a labeled line in
IF       Performs conditional processing in batch programs.
MD       Creates a directory.
MKDIR    Creates a directory.
MKLINK   Creates Symbolic Links and Hard Links
MOVE     Moves one or more files from one directory to another
PATH     Displays or sets a search path for executable files.
PAUSE    Suspends processing of a batch file and displays a message.
POPD     Restores the previous value of the current directory saved by
PROMPT   Changes the Windows command prompt.
PUSHD    Saves the current directory then changes it.
RD       Removes a directory.
REM      Records comments (remarks) in batch files or CONFIG.SYS.
REN      Renames a file or files.
RENAME   Renames a file or files.
RMDIR    Removes a directory.
SET      Displays, sets, or removes Windows environment variables.
SETLOCAL Begins localization of environment changes in a batch file.
SHIFT    Shifts the position of replaceable parameters in batch files.
START    Starts a separate window to run a specified program or command.
TIME     Displays or sets the system time.
TITLE    Sets the window title for a CMD.EXE session.
TYPE     Displays the contents of a text file.
VER      Displays the Windows version.
VERIFY   Tells Windows whether to verify that your files are written
VOL      Displays a disk volume label and serial number.
